This was a problem given by the HackerRank competition. Competition was held
after winter break and was called the Welcome back to School Hackathon.

This particular problem is the Leibniz Sum. For Code Golf you need to implement
the given algorithm (Leibniz in this case) with the fewest characters possible
(white space included). The code becomes very unreadable, and to use
minimal characters you have to find particular shortcuts for the language
you are using.

For this problem I chose C, I felt that I was an efficient programmer in C and
that Java would use way too many characters.

To cut down on characters I removed the header files as the online compiler
given by HackerRank understood enough to compile with it. That instantly bumped
me up several 100 ranks.

I was using too many variables and needed to cut down on them. At first I was
using 4 variables when all I really needed was 3 to keep track of 2 loops
and 1 sum.

Another boost in rank came when I used the ternary op to remove my if-else
statements. And that completed my code for this problem.

I placed 2nd amongst users who used C. The guy who beat me had .2 points more
than I did. That's 2 characters! So close, yet so far.

Looking back on this problem, the top place finishers used scripting languages
like PHP, Ruby, Lua, to finish this problem. Now that I'm fairly adept at Ruby
I would go back and use Ruby for this problem if I could. It removes first of
all semi-colons immediately. And no need for headers and the print statement
'put' is much shorter than printf("\n"). As put already includes this 
new line character.

To run the program you can use the executable. The firs arg you pass in, say
100. Will mean you need to provide 100 inputs to Leibniz sum. The next 100
inputs are then numbers you want to perform a Leibniz sum on.

Note: The actual submission I sent in is called Leibniz.c. The code is all on
one line and is fairly unreadable which is why I spaced it out in a new file
ReadableLeibniz.c.
